WI #557: Preview - Refinement of FOCUS Columns Normative Requirements (#664)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/capacityreservationstatus.md

Capacity Reservation Status indicates whether the charge represents either the consumption of the [*capacity reservation*](#glossary:capacity-reservation) identified in the CapacityReservationId column or when the *capacity reservation* is unused.

---
The CapacityReservationStatus column adheres to the following requirements:

* CapacityReservationStatus MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider supports *capacity reservations*.

> * If present, the column MUST conform to the following additional requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If present, the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

Author: suggested change (MUST conform -> adheres) applied across the board

  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be of type String.
  * CapacityReservationStatus MUST be null if CapacityReservationId is null.

>   * If CapacityReservationId is not null and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage", the following applies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If CapacityReservationId is not null and [ChargeCategory](#chargecategory) is "Usage", the column adheres to the following additional requirements:
```

Author: suggested change applied across the board
